Added USBGecko Support, other fixes (#81)
dhtdht020/osc-dl: README.md

> With OSCDL, you can download hundreds of homebrew apps and themes to your computer or wirelessly send them directly to the Wii.
> 
> OSCDL also supports USBGecko connections if the Wii cannot connect via LAN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With OSCDL, you can download hundreds of homebrew apps and themes to your computer send them directly to the Wii through the network or through USB Gecko.
```
